To Super Kaseki holiday
Motivated by expected people
More than 1920 states appear
Personality of actresses appearing in the game while watching real fossils
We introduce rich weight
Use of thoracic esophagus
Is it a large drifting thing?
Still the complementary type drifting thing
The teacher also had a keen sense that became a powerful eight
It is Hirano as the longest carnivorous dinosaur
Feel a strong body area
It is a large carnivorous dinosaur Talbo Zaurus
Tend to swing
In the regular broadcast to pack sharp curves
The fisherman intensifies the attack and defense
Even the scene that returns information provision
Supermassive Tide Renewal that became general
Captain expecting 25 meters Braccio but huge body
Get off from a limited car
Service to the rain heard about the cause here Nakakuda Ishii
3rd in Argentina
3Jonnan Canada all accounting package fly away
Akagi Kunika
There are living things in the sea
I caught something that had proportionality and used freely in the hot
When the service of plus boarded a long neck
Real estate agent Length 25 cm but with regular teeth
Planned by a small living fossil
Match in quick movement
others
Stellar note
Anti-lock sound
Kenaga mammoth etc.
More than 140 kinds of parliament side which made the dinosaurs who existed real
Appearance
Bring the dinosaurs back to life
It's a super kaseki holiday